# Backend developer
[Job Offer](https://www.infojobs.it/milano/backend-developer/of-i7f0a9d13c14080bf5f3e8ffa17640f) by [Subito.it](http://info.subito.it/lavora-con-noi.htm)

## Requisiti

### Titolo di studio minimo
Laurea breve (3 anni)

### Esperienza minima
3 anni

### Descrizione

Does web traffic intrigue you? Do you know programming languages better than italian? Find out what you can do in Subito IT team!

**TYPICAL DAY IN SUBITO**

* Drink coffee with your brand new team and make some friends.
* Face your stand up meeting.
* Collaborate with collegues to handle all the complexities and challenges of development, generated by the rapid growth of the site
* Actively contribute to the success of Subito
* Work with agile methodologies: Scrum, Kanban e XP.
* Get some rest after a long day of work by playing foosball or ping pong with your colleagues.

**YOUR IDENTIKIT**

* Minimum of 3 years of web programming and development work experience.
* Deep knowledge in minimum two programming or scripting languages: Go, Python, Ruby, Java, C/C++
* Deep experience in implementation of API REST.
* Knowledge regarding wide adopted open source RDBMS like PostgreSQL and MySql as well as NoSQL DBs like Redis, Cassandra and Kafka.
* Knowledge of TDD and DDD methodologies.
* Confortable working in linux environment
* Experience in development of highly scalable applications.
* Knowledge of common microservice architecture patterns like dynamic service discovery, circuit breaking, bulkhead
* Knowledge of GIT DSCM.
* Problem-solving skills.
* Teamwork skills.

**Pluses**

* knowledge of docker and container system in general
* experience in continuos delivery strategies
* confortable working with: redis, memcache, ngnix, rabbitmq,kafka
* experience in profiling and debugging performance issues
* knowledge of commons web development patterns: MVC, ActiveRecord, Dependency Injection

### Tipo di industria per questa offerta
Media online

### Categoria
Informatica, IT e telecomunicazioni - Sviluppo software

### Livello
Impiegato

### Numero di posti vacanti
1

